all beaver dear friends with you windows and
we continue to discuss our teaser
who appeared on the scott surrender site
The first theory that I would like with you
talk like this animatronic
is animatronic from jav's forehead and no
I'm not talking about is not in springtrape
springtrap on is exactly sat in
jar
remember once we said that
springtrap is animatronic which
collects all the parts that is which
consists of other animatronics like
that this animatronic theme is about
This was said before the five nights
at freddys 3
why I think so well first let's
look at freddie's heads which
him all over my body why do I think this
it is Freddy who testifies to this.
hat and by the way pay attention to
the rightmost Freddie had double
the jaw is nothing like
freddy from fnaf 2 old freddy
so it can symbolize
3 freddie todo freddie old freddie new
Freddie he is like a hunter wears
their trophy also pay attention to
head it is very similar to the head gone
At the same time, this animatronic is not
is bonnie because he has five
fingers like springrapa if you suddenly
don't see five fingers read by
pads as well as the texture on the shoulder
It is very similar to spring waste
Russian so we go out that
Bonnies in fnaf 3 are missing because
this dude use his fucking
head
if you suddenly say oh my god he
not like the eyes on the background here in his eyes
not so black he has pupils and
moreover, personally, I see veins there
interesting maybe there sits a man in
h pink guy and even after dying
springtrap took his hand
Well, maybe the body is difficult even as
say but we also found out the reason
Freddie's disappearance in fnaf 3
it's all because he's killed about it
symbolizes the heads of 3 Freddy on his
torso also what i still noticed me in
comments wrote that his hand itself
arm looks like a foxy it is noticed even
he doesn’t tell me very much
hand cut
it turns out that he took his hand
from foxy fingers from springtrap then things
from springtrap head from gods
that's all we're on it at the moment
we see but another interesting thing with him
the teeth are very sharp not like normal ones
animatronic interesting these teeth
mean something to the heap of fact
which basically says nothing to u
his sharp fingers are the most important
fingers 5 so he either animatronic
who was still in the days of gold
animatronic what I doubt
either he uses parts of himself
springtrap can this mean that he
killed Freddie Bonnie and at least
springtrap
maybe it's animatronic who hunts
on animatronics maybe it's pink
the guy who is in costume
which is possible especially given the veins in
his eyes continue to kill these children
after they escaped from him
write in the comments how do you think
this is all the facts that I would like
tell on this video but I still
I will continue to disassemble, I think more will come
a couple of videos so teaser